Toolbar return variables (#481)
publiclab/Leaflet.DistortableImage: README.md

> <details><summary><code><b>removeTool(<i>action</i> &#60;EditAction>)</b></code></summary>

Reviewer: ```suggestion
<details><summary><code><b>removeTool(<i>action</i> &#60;EditAction>)</b>: this</code></summary>
```

  <ul>

>     <li>Removes the passed tool from the control toolbar in runtime. Returns the parent object.</li>

Reviewer: ```suggestion
    <li>Removes the passed tool from the control toolbar in runtime if the tool is present.</li>
```

    <li>ex: <code>imgGroup.removeTool(Deletes)</code></li>
  </ul>
</details>

> <details><summary><code><b>addTool(<i>action</i> &#60;EditAction>)</b></code></summary>

Reviewer: ```suggestion
<details><summary><code><b>addTool(<i>action</i> &#60;EditAction>)</b>: this</code></summary>
```

> <details><summary><code><b>addTool(<i>action</i> &#60;EditAction>)</b></code></summary>

Reviewer: ```suggestion
<details><summary><code><b>addTool(<i>action</i> &#60;EditAction>)</b>: this</code></summary>
```

> <ul><li>Adds the passed tool to the end of the control toolbar in runtime. Returns the parent object.</li></ul>

Reviewer: ```suggestion
<ul><li>Adds the passed tool to the end of the control toolbar in runtime.</li></ul>
```
